**[Character information]{.underline}**

Ash Blossom-Shikagita, a 22 year old half-cat girl. Ash was born in Neo
Domino. Ash is bisexual. Lily, her mother, taught Ash how to use magic
as she did with her older sister, Rose. Cedar, her father, taught Ash
how to use her scythe as she did with her older sister, Rose. Ash duels,
using an Aroma

Rikka Rose deck. In VRAINS, she goes by the name of Virtue. Ash was born
on the 1st of June. Ash FC is Miyako/Micchon Shikimori from Shikimori\'s
Not Just a Cutie. Virtue FC is Adult Neptune from Hyperdimension
Neptunia.

Rose Blossom, a 23 year old half-cat girl. Rose was born in Heartland,
accidentally having been left there by her parents. Rose is bisexual.
Lily, her mother, taught Rose how to use magic as she did with her
little sister, Ash. Cedar, her father, taught Rose how to use her scythe
as she did with her little sister, Ash. Rose duels, using an
Adamancipator Fossil or a Raidraptors deck. In VRAINS, she goes by the
name of Primrose. Rose was born on the 28th of September. Rose FC is
Yukino Yukinoshita from OreGairu. Primrose FC is Black Heart from
Hyperdimension Neptunia.

Orchid Blossom, the fusion of Ash and Rose. After a while of Ash and
Rose training, they obtained the ability to fuse into one being. Orchid
lays dormant within Ash and Rose when they aren\'t fused. Like Ash and
Rose, she is half cat. Orchid has the same skills and abilities that Ash
and Rose do, but much stronger than previously. Orchid is her own
person, despite being created from Ash and Rose fusing, she has her own
free will separate from them. Orchid duels, using a World Legacy deck,
however she also knows how to use Ash and Rose's decks if she wishes. FC
is Seele from Honkai: Star Rail.

Orchid also has access to an awakened form that she uses in dire
situations. In her awakened form, her abilities vastly exceed everything
she could've previously done. While in this form, her appearance
completely changes. In this state, Orchid prefers wielding a sword to a
scythe. Her previous cat attributes also completely disappear in this
form. Orchid does not duel in her awakened state. FC is Acheron from
Honkai: Star Rail.

Clarice Shikagita, a 19 year old half-cat girl. Clarice is the oldest
adopted daughter of Ash and Kara. Clarice was born in the Academia,
however she escaped to Neo Domino and was then adopted. Originally she
was a child, but a series of events had turned her into an adult. Like
her mother, Kara, Clarice has pyrokinesis over blue flames. Clarice also
has telekinesis. Clarice duels, using a Naturia or Tachyon Cipher deck.
Clarice was born on the 15th of November. FC is Chise Hatori from
Ancient Magus Bride.

Petal Shikagita, an 8 year old half-cat girl. Petal is the youngest
adopted daughter of Ash and Kara. Petal was born in Neo Domino, being
adopted after her birth parents passed away. Petal has no powers, nor
does she know how to fight, unlike the rest of her family. She owns two
living plushies, Inti and Nox, who were made by her birth parents to
keep her safe. Petal was born on the 23rd of September. Petal duels,
using a Morphtronic deck. FC is Encore from Wuthering Waves.

Lily Blossom, a 46 year old half-cat woman. Lily was born in Heartland
and is the mother of Ash and Rose. She taught her children how to use
magic as she could use it as well, to a greater degree that Ash and Rose
could. Lily also has a pair of white wings that she typically keeps
concealed. Lily duels, using a Madolche deck. Lily was born on the 6th
of June. FC is Euphemia li Britannia from Code Geass.

Cedar Blossom, a 46 year old half-dragon man. Cedar was born in Neo
Domino and is the father of Ash and Rose. He taught his children how to
fight and wield weapons. Cedar also has a jade dragon familiar, Enlil.
Cedar can also transform into a form where his dragon features are more
prominent. This form makes Cedar and Enlil much stronger as well. Cedar
duels, using a Dragunity deck. Cedar was born on the 14th of July. FC is
Dan Heng from Honkai: Star Rail.

Mito Suzuki, a 21 year old half-bunny girl. Mito was born in Neo Domino.
Mito is bisexual. Mito has no special powers, she is simply a regular
human. However, Mito can still fight, utilising a sword. She has also
been permanently bonded to a spirit that resides within her, D.E.V.I.L.
D.E.V.I.L can help Mito out, but it tends to disagree with Mito most of
the time. Mito duels. using a Nephthys Fire King deck. Mito was born on
the 3rd of October. FC is Firefly from Honkai: Star Rail.

Serah Nightingale, an 8 year old half-fox girl. Serah is the adopted
daughter of Mito and Kyra. Serah was born in Neo Domino. Serah was born
with cosmic powers, such as flight or energy production but she has yet
to master any of her powers, having almost no idea how or why she can
use them. Serah was born on the 5th of May. Serah duels, using a Starry
Knight deck. FC is Hinata Hoshino from Watashi ni Tenshi ga Maiorita.

D.E.V.I.L (Destructive Engine of Vile Insurmountable Lethality), a
malevolent spirit that resides within Mito. Due to a risky procedure, a
suit of armour and a spirit were fused into Mito. D.E.V.I.L typically
has no control over Mito's actions, only being able to do so through
possessing the armour within her. While it is in control, Mito has
little to no influence on it, meaning D.E.V.I.L can cause as much chaos
as it wishes without being stopped by Mito. It does still care for Mito,
despite mostly desping her. D.E.V.I.L does not duel. FC is SAM from
Honkai: Star Rail.

Kuriboh, a duel spirit of Yugi Muto. A docile fluffy creature that is an
ally of Yugi Muto and the Pharaoh Atem. Despite its small nature, the
duel spirit is quite powerful. Kuriboh has the ability to multiply
himself infinitely and to detonate those clones. Kuriboh does not duel.

Liv, the medic of Gray Raven. Despite being the youngest member of Gray
Raven, she is still quite skilled and experienced. She is a qualified
medic, even before she became a construct. She has a pair of Levi-guns
for combat. Liv will not hesitate to do anything to keep the ones she
cares about safe, no matter what happens to her. She loves all forms of
life, humans, animals and machines.

Nanami, the Sagemachina and the leader of the Church of Machina. A very
friendly construct that loves humans. Her origins are unknown. Nanami is
also much more human-like than other constructs, even having human
emotion herself. As the Sagemachina, Nanami is able to awaken other
machines. She can even communicate with the Corrupted and other
mechanoids.

**[Writer information]{.underline}**

Hi, I'm Shadow/Blossom. I'm a 19 year old boi. I'm currently a
university student at \[REDACTED\] University. My replies may be slow
sometimes because I busy, but besides that, hello frens.

**[Miscellaneous]{.underline}**

This account is primarily SFW, NSFW RP will be done only in DMs.

No ships or NSFW will happen with Kuriboh, Petal or Serah.

No ships will happen with Lily or Cedar, as they are already married to
each other.

This is just an RP account, I am not affiliated with Konami or any
companies that own the FCs, this is just an RP account.

All non-official artworks will be credited in the alt-text.

Do not lie. If you are lying right now, stop.

Thank you to \@AeriaVelocity for helping me with this website and other
things for this account.
